Wo has vice-president under the president who authorized atomic weapons against Japan during World War II?
In which town was the assassin of Martin Luther King born?
Which anti-apartheid activist was born in Mvezo?
How many Golden Globe awards did the daughter of Henry Fonda win?
Which recipients of the Victoria Cross died in the Battle of Arnhem?
Where did the first man in space die?
How old was Steve Jobs' sister when she first met him?
Which members of the Wu-Tang Clan took their stage name from a movie?
Which writers had influenced the philosopher that refused a Nobel Prize?
Under which king did the British prime minister that signed the Munich agreement serve?
Who composed the music for the film that depicts the early life of Jane Austin?
Who succeeded the pope that reigned only 33 days?
On which island did the national poet of Greece die?
Which horses did The Long Fellow ride?
Of the people that died of radiation in Los Alamos, whose death was an accident?
Which building owned by the Bank of America was featured in the TV series MegaStructures?
Which buildings in art deco style did Shreve, Lamb and Harmon design?
Which birds are protected under the National Parks and Wildlife Act?
Which country did the first known photographer of snowflakes come from?
List all the battles commanded by the lover of Cleopatra.
Are the Rosetta Stone and the Gayer-Andersen cat exhibited in the same museum?
Which actress starring in the TV series Friends owns the production company Coquette Productions?
Gaborone is the capital of which country member of the African Union?
When was the composer of the opera Madame Butterfly born?
Which street basketball player was diagnosed with Sarcoidosis?
For which movie did the daughter of Francis Ford Coppola receive an Oscar?
Which city does the first person to climb all 14 eight-thousanders come from?
At which college did the only American actor that received the César Award study?
Did Napoleon's first wife die in France?
How old is James Bond in the latest Bond book by William Boyd?
What eating disorder is characterized by an appetite for substances such as clay and sand?
What is the native city of Hollywood's highest-paid actress?
In which city does the former main presenter of the Xposé girls live?
Who plays Phileas Fogg in the adaptation of Around the World in 80 Days directed by Buzz Kulik?
Who is the front man of the band that wrote Coffee & TV?
Which Chinese-speaking country is a former Portguese colony?
What is the largest city in the county in which Faulkner spent most of his life?
In which year did the Hungarian-American actor called "The King of Horror" make his first film?
Under which pseudonym did Charles Dickens publish some of his books?
A landmark of which city is the home of the Mona Lisa?
